1. Ad Hominem:
    Targetting the arguer instead of the argument. Happens in every major election. Candidates always target their strongest opponent directly, because less votes for them typically means more for themselves. The whole issue between Dilma and Aecio(also known as "Cheira Neves") was also a form of Ad Hominem.

2. Appeal to Emotion:
    Trying to convince someone of something by arguments that sway their emotions. Commonly used by lawyers. Also popular among mothers whose children don't want to eat: "There are MILLIONS of starving children in Africa, and you don't want to eat your vegetables? Shame on you."

3. Texas Sharpshooter:
    Manipulating statistic data to ommit unfavorable results. Often used by politicians to make false research data to try and get an edge on elections. Also claimed to be used by IBGE.

4. Tu Quoque:
    Also known as 'Appeal to Hypocrisy'. Arguing that someone's argument about X being wrong is false because they also do X. Frequently used in the phrase "O sujo falando do mal-lavado."

5. False Dichotomy:
    Also known as 'Black or White'. Stating only two opposite and extreme solutions to compel people into believing you, when there are, in truth, many more possible solutions. A common application of this is the phrase: "It's me or him/her/them", very popular among overly jealous people.
    
6. Appeal to Ignorance:
    Stating that a claim is true because it can't be proved wrong. Commonly seen in religion. The entire pastafarian religion is based off this falacy.

7. Argument From Silence:
    Taking conclusions based off a party's silence. Common practice in interrogations and journalism. Also used against heavy sleepers, where any sleep-induced mumbling is interpreted as a favorable answer.

8. Ad Populum:
    Also known as 'Appeal to Popularity'. Arguing that because an opinion is the most common, it is the universal truth. The most famous example is: "But mom, Everyone is doing X..."

9. Appeal to Nature:
    Arguing that something is the only truth, solely because it is natural. Can be clearly seen in discussions about gay marriage.

10. Gambler's Fallacy:
    Treating Iterative Probability as a universal rule. This fallacy consists of believing that just because something didn't happen a lot of times, it will happen next time. Occurs frequently among gamblers, as the name suggests.






